Converted 55 files from nroff to markdown (#8263)
open-mpi/ompi: ompi/mpi/man/man3/MPI_Comm_spawn_multiple.md

# Name

`MPI_Comm_spawn_multiple` - Spawns multiple binaries, or the same
binary with multiple sets of arguments.

# Syntax

## C Syntax

```c
#include <mpi.h>

int MPI_Comm_spawn_multiple(int count, char *array_of_commands[],

> 

Reviewer: Don't forget this one.

elements of `array_of_argv` to `MPI_ARGV_NULL` is not defined. To specify
arguments for some commands but not others, the commands without
arguments should have a corresponding `argv` whose first element is null
((char )0 in C and empty string in Fortran).

All of the spawned processes have the same `MPI_COMM_WORLD`. Their ranks
in `MPI_COMM_WORLD` correspond directly to the order in which the commands
are specified in `MPI_Comm_spawn_multiple`. Assume that m1 processes are
generated by the first command, m2 by the second, etc. The processes
corresponding to the first command have ranks 0, 1,..., m1-1. The
processes in the second command have ranks m1, m1+1, ..., m1+m2-1. The
processes in the third have ranks m1+m2, m1+m2+1, ..., m1+m2+m3-1, etc.

The `array_of_errcodes` argument is 1-dimensional array of size
         _ count
        \      n ,
        /_ i=1   i
where i is the ith element of `array_of_maxprocs`. Command number i
corresponds to the i contiguous slots in this array from element
                        _              _
         _ i-1         \|   _ i          \|
        \      n ,  to \|  \      n      \| -1

>         /_ j=1  i      \|_ /_ j=1  j    \_\|

Author: I went in and manually added the \ because my text editor was syntax highlighting the bars... I will go in and remove those, the only potential alternative I can think of is making an image and referencing it, but that wouldn't work in a terminal

>         /_ j=1  i      \|_ /_ j=1  j    \_\|

Reviewer: Maybe put them in a verbatim section...?

    npernode               char *   Number of processes to spawn on
                                    each node of the allocation
    pernode                bool     Equivalent to npernode of 1
    ppr                    char *   Spawn specified number of processes
                                    on each of the identified object type
    env                    char *   Newline-delimited list of envars to
                                    be passed to the spawned procs

`bool` info keys are actually strings but are evaluated as follows: if
the string value is a number, it is converted to an integer and cast to
a boolean (meaning that zero integers are false and non-zero values are
true). If the string value is (case-insensitive) "yes" or "true",
the boolean is true. If the string value is (case-insensitive) "no" or
"false", the boolean is false. All other string values are
unrecognized, and therefore false.

Note that if any of the info handles have `ompi_non_mpi` set to true,
then all info handles must have it set to true. If some are set to true,
but others are set to false (or are unset), `MPI_ERR_INFO` will be
returned.

> Note that in `#PACKAGE_NAME#`, the first array location in

Author: As far as I can tell, this is the only file in that batch that has #PACKAGE_NAME# in it in all of the files

> Note that in `#PACKAGE_NAME#`, the first array location in

Reviewer: Ok, let's cut it out then.  I.e.:
```suggestion
Note that in this MPI implementation, the first array location in
```

elements of `array_of_argv` to `MPI_ARGV_NULL` is not defined. To specify
arguments for some commands but not others, the commands without
arguments should have a corresponding `argv` whose first element is null
((char )0 in C and empty string in Fortran).

All of the spawned processes have the same `MPI_COMM_WORLD`. Their ranks
in `MPI_COMM_WORLD` correspond directly to the order in which the commands
are specified in `MPI_Comm_spawn_multiple`. Assume that m1 processes are
generated by the first command, m2 by the second, etc. The processes
corresponding to the first command have ranks 0, 1,..., m1-1. The
processes in the second command have ranks m1, m1+1, ..., m1+m2-1. The
processes in the third have ranks m1+m2, m1+m2+1, ..., m1+m2+m3-1, etc.

The `array_of_errcodes` argument is 1-dimensional array of size
         _ count
        \      n ,
        /_ i=1   i
where i is the ith element of `array_of_maxprocs`. Command number i
corresponds to the i contiguous slots in this array from element
'''
                        _              _
         _ i-1         |   _ i          |
        \      n ,  to |  \      n      | -1
        /_ j=1  i      |_ /_ j=1  j    \_|

> '''

Reviewer: Hmm -- somehow the epsilons are still not rendering properly in the above paragraph.

Error codes are treated as for `MPI_Comm_spawn(3)`.

# Info Arguments

The following keys for `info` are recognized in `"#PACKAGE_NAME#".`
(The reserved values mentioned in Section 5.3.4 of the MPI-2 standard
are not implemented.)

> |Key|Type|Description|

Reviewer: This table isn't rendering properly -- perhaps because the Epsilons above aren't rendered properly, and that leads to some stray characters that confuse the markdown renderer...?
